yo what's up YouTube DJ cows over here
you know I just got a package in the
mail yo I'm mad excited I'm certain I'm
excited big time big shout out to all
the subscribers big shots a shocking
steelo big shots of a man Louie mix mix
out the badness Stewart Big Shot the
guild boogie big shout-out to everybody
if I missed you I still love you anyway
um I gotta do this log man right now
because I got something about me see the
guy yeah I got a new toy well you know
what I got a new toy today and I want to
show it to you cuz damn it I'm excited
and it's in this box right here check it
out bring yo I want try to check this up
see this this this is a real toy you're
not saying this is hot check this out
bang see this here let me open it up
real quick me open this thing else you
got to shag check this out man me I
don't use headphones I don't use
headphones i use lollipops but I got
this lollipop yo check this bad boy out
boom got my name on it and everything
you see that bang is red just you can
connect the white here look at us nice
right and check out my cable for it
check this out
BAM red cable with the red accent on it
official bang this goes connected here
and this will and that's how you rock up
on you right there like that see that by
right there anyway that's my new toy i
got a new lollipop and damn it I like it
man so well anyway if any of you like
these things like this cuz I know a
couple guys hit me up about these just
hit me up and I'll give you my man's
address and his of information he's
actually in California so some of our
people out there abstract if you guys
are into lollipops or even headphones
but my man he does um uh like headphones
and Hugh pimple mom you want me to show
y'all another one I'll do that check
this out this is my other lollipop right
here this one right here Scott you know
it's got the MU on it Scott the quirky
stick he does a lot of different sticks
but also check this out this is a gift
that I got for my homegirl she works in
a radio station out here you know um
pulse 87 she's the mid day job she's
doing big things and when she got the
job over there I'm recently I got her
this and I gotta give her this is a
little gift I got her check this out
check this out so for those of you who
use headphones hey it's no big my boy
can pimp it out for you to check it out
bang it's my homegirl Jules Jules Lopez
check it out her name is Jules so we got
like jewels on the thing like little
diamonds and stuff and her name like
Matt official so you know when my
homegirl put this on at the radio
station they're gonna be like sweat huh
can't complete with this cool bag
another bag you give you a leather bag
with it too so you know any of you guys
interested in that hit me up and i'll
put your contact your checklist thing up
for you gotta give me come on you gotta
leave me a comment damn it you
leave me a comment on this thing leave
me a comment tell me what you think it
is I keep it rockin peace